To   : William D. Clinger, Prof.
From : Phil Quinn, Adam Alix, Paul Murray, developers
Re   : Cool Project, Bro
Date : 6 December 2011

This memo is a formal request from the developers to the client to install an
updated version of Scala, the programming language used to implement your
software package. The version of Scala on the designated deployment environment
is significantly less powerful than the current version. By using this updated
version we, the developers, will be able to build a more robust product in a
shorter amount of time. If you do agree that this and advantageous, we will
package an installation script in our next submission. The script will be
included in the root directory of the project and details on how to install the
new version of Scala using the script will be included. We appreciate your
consideration in the matter and hope that the decreased development overhead,
increased software quality, and easy installation will be incentive for you to
update the target deployment environment.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Aside:

To perform the software update you can invoke the download-scala script in the
software_update folder.  This is a shell script that will download, and unpack
the latest release of scala to:

/course/cs4500wc/bin

It will also place the library and runtime in:

/course/cs4500wc/lib

To ensure that you can execute the download script, please perform the
following at a terminal, from the project's root directory:

$ chmod +x software_update/download-scala

Despite having written this request, we have included the scala compiler and
runtime in case you do not feel like running this.  To prove that it will work,
if you do run this script, it will automatically delete the local bin and lib
folders in this project's root so that you can be certain we are using the
version downloaded from the internet.

It will also delete `Makefile' in the project's root, and replace it with the
one found in `.../project_root/software_update'.  You can then follow the
instructions found in the project's README to build and run the software.
